Feat/nuxt UI v4 blog post (#2045)
nuxt/nuxt.com: content/blog/39.nuxt-ui-v4.md

---
title: Nuxt UI v4
description: "Nuxt UI v4 unifies Nuxt UI and Nuxt UI Pro into one powerful, completely free library. With over 110 components, 12 templates, and a comprehensive Figma kit, all of this is available for free."
navigation: false
image: /assets/blog/nuxt-ui-v4.png
authors:
  - name: Benjamin Canac
    avatar:
      src: https://github.com/benjamincanac.png
    to: https://x.com/benjamincanac
  - name: Sébastien Chopin
    avatar:
      src: https://github.com/atinux.png
    to: https://x.com/atinux
  - name: Hugo Richard
    avatar:
      src: https://github.com/hugorcd.png
    to: https://x.com/hugorcd__
date: 2025-09-22T10:00:00.000Z
category: Release
---

> Today, we’re releasing [**Nuxt UI v4**](https://ui.nuxt.com), a major milestone that set a new standard for our component library. With this release, we are unifying Nuxt UI and Nuxt UI Pro into a single, powerful, and completely free open-source library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, we’re releasing [**Nuxt UI v4**](https://ui.nuxt.com), a major milestone that sets a new standard for our component library. With this release, we are unifying Nuxt UI and Nuxt UI Pro into a single, powerful, and completely free open-source library.
```

> This marks an exciting new chapter for the Vue and Nuxt ecosystems, made possible since [NuxtLabs joined Vercel](https://nuxtlabs.com). Our shared commitment to the open-source community has allowed us to make every component, from a [simple button](https://ui4.nuxt.com/docs/components/button) to the most advanced [dashboard sidebar](https://ui4.nuxt.com/docs/components/dashboard-sidebar), accessible to everyone.

Reviewer: You can use `ui.nuxt.com` urls since the switch will have been done when we merge this PR.

> This marks an exciting new chapter for the Vue and Nuxt ecosystems, made possible since [NuxtLabs joined Vercel](https://nuxtlabs.com). Our shared commitment to the open-source community has allowed us to make every component, from a [simple button](https://ui4.nuxt.com/docs/components/button) to the most advanced [dashboard sidebar](https://ui4.nuxt.com/docs/components/dashboard-sidebar), accessible to everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This marks an exciting new chapter for the Vue and Nuxt ecosystems, made possible by [NuxtLabs joining Vercel](https://nuxtlabs.com). Our shared commitment to the open-source community has allowed us to make every component, from a [simple button](https://ui.nuxt.com/docs/components/button) to the most advanced [dashboard sidebar](https://ui.nuxt.com/docs/components/dashboard-sidebar), accessible to everyone.
```
